I have been with Target for the past 14 years, I love to explore new domains and quickly adapt.  So far, I got an opportunity to work in different areas like Supply chain, Point of Sale, Stores and currently with FRS. This helped me understand different parts of the Target's Business and I can connect the dots and see the bigger picture, help teams relate to Target’s purpose, vision. I led various programs, projects, engineering teams, helped perform at their best. I also helped 5 Engineers on my teams to grow into Leaders at Target. I am passionate about Technology and leadership. I have been part of the biggest transformation that happened at Target, also witnessed and contributed to the growth of Target. As a Change Agent, I helped teams to quickly adapt to the change. I created technology vision and  strategies to modernize and transitioning legacy systems and built systems to scale. I built teams from the ground up, Target shaped me as a leader through its culture, trainings, and on the job experiences. I have been aspiring to grow at Target, I am having an exciting journey.  With gamut of  experience in leading people, connections with various team across Target, different domains and technology will help me succeed as a DoT.

Authentic, progressive engineering leader with 20+ year’s hands on experience in Fortune 100 IT organizations solving the hardest problems. Able to quickly assess challenging situations and build relationships across the enterprise to align engineering, product and operations to business strategy. Strong focus on team building and culture to create empowered, energized, high performing teams. Proven ability to set strategy, drive change and foster more innovative and technically responsive organizations. And while all that is happening, my teams and I build amazing software.

Key Skills: Software Engineering Leadership Enterprise Agile Transformation Product Model Leadership IT Strategic Planning Enterprise and Solution Architecture Change Management Global Delivery Models Process Design & Optimization Vendor & Contract Management